# ER Diagram

## Components:
* Entity: An object we want to model & store information about
    * Use Square with entity name in it

    > e.g. Student
* Attributes: Specific pieces of information baout an entity
    * Use straight lines to connect with the Student

    > e.g. the Name, grade and gpa of the Student
* Primary Key: 
    * Attributes that uniquely identity an entry in the database table

    > student_id

* Composite Attribute:
    * An attribute that can be broken into sub-attributes
    > name: first_name, second_name

* Multi-valued Attribute:
    * An attribute that can have more than one value
    > e.g. Clubs: student might have more than one club

* Derived Attribute:
    * An attribute that can be derived from the other attributes
    > e.g. has_honors can be derived from gpa (gpa > 3.5)

* Multiple Entities:
    * define more than one entity in the diagram

* Relationship:
    * between two entities

* Total Participation:
    * All members must participate in the relationship
    > e.g. All the class must be taken by students
    but a student do not necesserily need to take classes

* Relationship Arribute
    * An attribute about the relationship
    > e.g. A student will get a grade if he takes a class. The grade is a relationship attribute

* Relationship Cardinality (基数，集的势？？？)
    * The number of instances of an entity from a relation that can be associated with the relation

    > e.g. <br>
    1：1 &ensp; 1 student can take only 1 class.<br>
    1: N &ensp;   1 student can take N classes.<br>
    N: M &ensp;   1 student can take M classes, and a class can be taken by N students. 

* Weak Entity
    * An entity that cannot be uniquely identifued by its attributes alone
    > e.g. An exam cannot exist without a class. The entity of the exam is exam_id, average score etc, but it cannot exist without a relationship with a spcific class. 

* Identifying Relationship
    * A relationship that serves to uniquly identify the weak entity
    > A class has an exam. 'Has' is the identifying relationship.

